# Ethiopia-Sanitation-Analysis-for-Terra-Tissue-

TerraTissue is a fictitious company that promotes eco-friendly practices by producing toilet paper from organic waste materials, primarily sugarcane waste, sourced from Ethiopian agriculture. Ethiopia produces an average of 893,270 tons of sugarcane bagasse waste annually, cultivated on approximately 33,777 hectares of land (Mamaye, 2019). TerraTissue aims to provide affordable and accessible toilet paper to enhance sanitation in rural areas, starting with the Dawuro zone in Ethiopia's Southern, Nationalities, and Peoples Region (SNNPR). By targeting the lowest strata of the society, TerraTissue seeks to prevent waste accumulation, reduce the risk of bacterial diseases, outbreaks, and viruses caused by mosquitoes and insects. TerraTissue plans to establish a strategic partnership with Sanergy, a reputable provider of toilet facilities across Africa, to improve personal hygiene and overall sanitation in Ethiopia. By leveraging Sanergy's expertise, this partnership aims to enhance the quality of life for Ethiopian citizens while promoting sustainable development practices.

A data-driven analysis was conducted to create a market entry strategy and evaluate the problems faced by citizens of Ethiopia. The analysis included a density heatmap created using Plotly Express to show the sanitation levels across Ethiopian regions, a Pie Chart created using UNICEF dataset to display the types of toilet facilities used by the rural population in 2018, and a Decision Tree to accurately predict the likelihood of diarrhea based on the "Infections" feature.
